What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A .git hidden folder is created in your directory.  You have to initialize a repository before you can make the first commit - it's a setup step.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area acts as an in-between for the working directory and the repository.  Before files are added to the repository they are moved to the staging area.

The staging area seems useful for helping you to organize the next commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

The staging area will show you which files have changed.  Running git diff --staged will show you which code changes will be committed.  This information should help you determine if your staged commit is one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

When working on an experimental new feature or refactoring it would be useful to do so on a branch so that I know that I'm not breaking my master version.

Branches would help me to keep my sub-projects organized.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams show at what point the branches diverged.  They also show how many commits have taken place on each branch, which indicates how many differences there are between the branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches together combines them into one branch and combines the commit history of both branches.  When two branches merge into one they are represented by a single branch going forward.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging:
Pros:
automatic, no effort
fast

Cons:
can't handle ambiguous situations

Manaul merging:
Pros:
alerts author to all changes
necessary for ambiguous situations

Cons:
takes effort
isn't necessary for unambiguous situations