When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When using multiple computers to work on the same project.  When collaborating with other contributors on the same project.
In both of these cases, a remote repository collects everyone submissions in one place.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging:
Pros:
automatic, no effort
fast

Cons:
can't handle ambiguous situations

Manaul merging:
Pros:
alerts author to all changes
necessary for ambiguous situations

Cons:
takes effort
isn't necessary for unambiguous situations

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

The remote repository may receive updates from another contributor that are incompatible with your changes.
If the repository updated automatically you might be frequently spending time merging your changes into the latest version of the repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Creating a fork is like cloning a repository from another user.
Creating a clone is when you want the same repository to exist in multiple places.
Creating a branch is when you want to experiment with code changes without impacting the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

If a copy of the remote is stored locally you will be able to merge your changes without pulling the remote branch beforehand.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I would collaborate by using a shared file that me and my collaborators could all access update when we wanted to.

We would have to periodically back up versions of our work and we might find ourselves both trying to work on the same file at the same time and getting in each other's way.

It might be easier, however, not having to remember git commands.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

If I'm making a large change involving multiple commits it probably makes sense to use a branch.

If I'm collaborating with others it also probably makes sense to use a branch.  That way I can create pull requests to have my changes incorporated.